My father, Otto, started this business in 1957

It was his Love for repair and helping people that got him started
His warm personality and prompt, efficient service built
this business into what it is today
Gradually, all three of his sons joined him to truly form
a family business
what makes us unique is that we have serviced the thermador
brand almost sixty years
we also service bosch, kitchenaid, ge, whirlpool, maytag
and insinkerator
our servicemen have over 30 years of experience
that experience and our dependability is what separates us
from many other companies
scheduling service can be difficult, nobody wants to be home
or take time off of work

we try very hard to minimize our customer's downtime
we schedule our appointments within two hours and routinely
 call customers at work up to 30 minutes ahead



 Otto's Appliance Service, Inc. was founded by Otto Fusaro in 1957. Otto started this business with a love for repair
 and helping people. His warm personality and prompt, efficient service built this buisiness into what it is today. Gradually, all
 three of his sons joined him to truly form a family business. Today, Otto's three sons own and run Otto's Appliance.

 Otto's is unique in that we has been servicing Thermador for almost 60 years. We also service Bosch, Kitchenaid, GE, Whirlpool, Maytag, Kenmore,
 and Insinkerator. Each of our technicians has over 30 years of experience. Our experience and dependability is what separates us from many
 other companies.

 We understand scheduling service can be difficult, nobody wants to be home or take time off work. We at Otto's try very hard to minimize
 our customer's downtime. We schedule our appointments within two hours and routinely call customers at work up to 30 minutes ahead.

 What makes us most proud is our reputation for being fair, honest, reliable, and our long list of loyal customers. Our goal is
 and always has been to satisfy our customers.

 Our service is available Monday through Friday, covering all of San Francisco and most of San Mateo counties.
